BUG: Rotational EOMs Not Relative To CDM (#674)
RocketPy-Team/RocketPy: docs/user/rocket/rocket_usage.rst

7. Inertia Tensors
------------------

> The inertia tensor in relation to the center of dry mass of the rocket at a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inertia tensor relative to the center of dry mass of the rocket at a
```
